Talk the beauty, the video here is a
Explanation Zinho respects the new
dashboard coming at the end of the year
for xbox 360 that will have the internet
explorer voice command and seven wins
and a lot of people asked me about it
from this environment, Microsoft sent
to participate in the early
dashboard né
I also received if you can see that
martelly is also inviting
participate in this test of the new dashboard
and how does this work right?
Did you receive this invitation?
to register in order to receive the
new dashboard in advance but already
Warning that will follow the same scheme of
another ten rebounds betas probably
as a test version takes some
some things like this do not
finishes can affect online gambling
somehow anyway if you want
avoid it and do not
you do not have to register you
will participate in this test there too right
and also does not recommend to those who use
unlocked videogame to be part of this
test and why you can give too much
very very bad same right
there are rumors that our new dashboard will
if you fuck cute fought but good
if you paste it to the xbox page
microsoft stays on the road because in
final page appears here
after the registration is there you will come here
before you have to download an application on the
facebook here 3rd key product goes
clicking it will generate a
product if mine is generated here
look at the key because it is assigned to
me here in case now only product key
to miss using console registration
there englisch version 000 type retail and
there is my number line ' number
The record that I 'm going to make I'm going to put
this number in the boxes of 60 he goes
download the application where I'm going to be
registering to be able to receive
this new dashboard in advance
doing tests and the prize in the case here
I thought it was cool, bringing this video
talking a little about this new
dashboard that will not likely go
change a lot there and bringing this
news for you here on the channel these
stay connected
as soon as it appears this let board for
download and today I'm going to receive
in advance and bringing the same
video impressions showing how it is
finally a tradition all the information
possible for you here on the second
part there xbox 60 where I will have
what to do is download the app and
register my console in the database
data from microsoft né
Just remember who has work, do not do it.
That's the return
good now here in the second part of the same
push the hospital button
redeem the code that will enter that
product key that the site provided is
25 letters and numbers in case he as
I was saying the first part of the
video recommends if you are a fan
also if you want to have first hand
these updates that are part of this
test group so many people
received this medium and asked me how
is it worth it or not then I
I signed up and I 'm doing it.
the entire process
I'm going to take this dashboard.
in advance bringing you here
my impressions about year and how
said
previous tests so it is 10
can kill
before that now who participate in the
beta test that's rapporteur had
problems with xbox live connection but
cases were rare
and who has the video game unlocked
I also do not recommend that probably
Give me the word, but I will.
give shit so we work with
this new dashboard
so wait a while to leave
the final version to see if it will
everything right or not like the video game
locked in here then no problem
no she is doing it here who
I want to do it too.
to the prior download eliza with the ground
registration application download is
pequeninho 1.37 even the key is to ask
I urge you to go down to the
can stop on the brow of a
Merit agrees that it is not the best
also breaks the chicken and you can play
A little bit me and the bajaki already shows the
process for you of record as it is
what are you to see and then I?
I say yes, positive interest for you.
you have not
we do this here do not you want
To risk I'm doing here and so
to leave I'll be showing to
you do not
he will be here right under the game
fast is not there the public elise that
is the beta ester system resembles
application software is to register the
advice needs to be in the same
library that originally placed the
code in the top tag xbr9 the ticket
green it is the program contract is you
to accept or not to accept all my
console information so I
I said that you have caught it is not good to do
That's it because everyone's going to be there.
your console data if your how many
games do you have what kind of game you
changed or not so it's not an idea
very cool, you're welcome to the show.
the program's upgrade program.
microsoft
You are now officially inside the
in the next round of microsoft pibs
today we will see the last big ones
but it means that I was accepted there in the
microsoft test program then
I'll be getting there soon.
biggest test board so it will come back
This is how you can download and
install it right back to make a
video to show you the new
features of the Northeast board if it is
good or not and what is it people the video
well short hope you have enjoyed
anything comet and
see you next time